#Now Playing "LOOΠΔ/HeeJin, HyunJin - I'll Be There"
HyunJin: It's been a long, long time!
HeeJin: It's been a long time so I think you migth feel awkward.
HeeJin: Finally we came here, TWO JIN!
HeeJin: Long time no see~
HyunJin: I'll be there~
HeeJin: We came out in 2016
HeeJin: And finally, in 2018, we're preparing LOOΠΔ with all members.
HeeJin: I'm wondering what teaser will be born in here!
HyunJin: Ta-da!
(Two Jin taking selfies during break time!)
HyunJIn: Hi, this is Two Jin.
HeeJin: Hey~!
HeeJin: We're hanging out and taking selfies~
HeeJin: Look at this, it came out well, right?
(TWO JIN SELFIES!)
HeeJIn: However, our concept is totally different from each other.
HeeJin: It seems black & white!
HyunJin: I have a dimple!
HeeJin: I don’t have it.
HyunJin: In stead of it, you have two two moles~
HeeJin: This and this...
HyunJin: See you later~
HeeJin: We were Two Jin~